# Meeting 5 June 12PM

## Leaflet 
- Grammar and edits
- Submission tonight

## Literature Review
- Changed with George's feedback

## Phase II wrap up
- Trivial
- MEMCI
- CNN

## Phase III
- Progress OK 
- Wrap up within a week to show hardware estimates

## Documentation and presentation
- Rest of project

# Hoomans

## Everyone
    - Write all findings and pitfalls and learnings from our parts
    - Update documentation

## LH
    - Submit leaflet
    - Email Kieron 
        - Haven't progressed far
        - 7PM?
    - Software suite (+ documentation)
    - Video
    - Record time for ML 

## Olly & Naim
    - Estimates
    - Documentation
        - Diagrams etc.
    - C++ impl. 
        - looks better as a deliverable because it's low level
        - finding in boost of speed 

## Navid
    - (MCI) Documentation (Uni_2) (Nearest, Linear and Oversample)
        - Record how it long it takes for Middlebury. corona (intel i7-8700)
        - report findings 

## Charles
    - Documentation Unidir MCI + Bidir Runtime 
    - Filtering + smoothing docs

## Bruce 
    - Documentation Bidir


